The trash animal tango
Artem was a raccoon with a taste for the extreme. While his brethren were content to topple a garbage can for a meal,
Artem sought the thrill of the chase. His arena was the city's underbelly, his surfboard a discarded pantry door,
and his ocean the surging sewer runoff after a storm.
He carved a hard left around a moss-covered bend, the roar of the water his soundtrack. But then, a new aroma sliced through
the damp, metallic air. It wasn't the usual sewer-stench. It was rich, smoky, and deeply, wonderfully greasy.
It was the smell of home.
Drifting into a wider cavern, his eyes adjusted to a soft, flickering light. It came from a rusted dumpster,
tipped on its side like a metal cave. And there, bathed in its warm glow, was the most magnificent creature
he had ever laid eyes on.
She was a possum, her fur the color of ash and moonlight. With an artist's focus, she tended to her roast,
turning it slowly to get the perfect char. She hadn't just found dinner; she had created a dining experience.
Artem's heart, usually a frantic drum of adrenaline, skipped a beat and started a whole new rhythm.
He forgot the current, his board, and his own name. He just floated there, mesmerized by this queen
of the discarded, this master of the thrown-away feast.
He decided to make an entrance. A cool, casual glide to her little shore. But his eyes were so fixed on her
that he didn't see the swirl of current ahead. The door tipped, and Artem went down with a loud, graceless
SPLOOSH.
The possum looked up from her cooking. She wasn't startled or scared. A slow, knowing smile spread across her face,
and her dark eyes danced with amusement in the firelight.
A drenched and deeply embarrassed raccoon head broke the surface. "Da, is very smooth, no?"
Artem sputtered, trying to slick his fur back. "Just, uh… parking my ride."
She let out a soft, raspy chuckle. "Ay, chiquito, you look like you could use something to warm you up."
She held out the stick. "I'm Margarita. And this is just about ready. There's enough for two."
And so, in the warm glow of a dumpster fire, deep beneath the sleeping city, a sewer-surfing raccoon
and a gourmet possum shared a perfect meal. It was the beginning of their story,
a love founded on the beautiful treasures others threw away.